# ffcvt -- ffmpeg convert wrapper tool

## SYNOPSIS

   ffcvt [flags] [video_filename]


## OPTIONS

For `flags`, run `ffcvt` without parameters to see the comprehensive list and explanation. 


## DESCRIPTION

Command `ffcvt` is an easy to use video converter that takes the burden of such daunting task from normal Joe, to harness the fantastic high efficiency audio/video codec/encoding capability long been available in `ffmpeg`, by simplifying the convoluted `ffmpeg` command line parameters.

To encode a video, all you need to do is to give one parameter to `ffcvt`, i.e., the path and file name of the video to be encoded, and `ffcvt` will take care of the rest, using the recommended values for both audio/video encoding to properly encode it for you.

It can't be more simpler than that. However, beneath the simple surface, `ffcvt` is versatile and powerful enough to allow you to touch every corner of audio/video encoding. There is a huge list of environment variables (or command-line parameters) which will allow you tweak the encoding methods and parameters to exactly what you prefer instead.

Moreover, to encode a directory full of video files, including under its sub-directories, you need just to give `ffcvt` one single parameter, the directory location, and `ffcvt` will go ahead and encode all video files under that directory, including all its sub-directories as well. 


## EXAMPLES

`ffcvt` comes with comprehensive online documents. For further details,
please go to:

https://github.com/suntong/ffcvt#encoding-help

https://github.com/suntong/ffcvt/wiki


## SEE ALSO

`ffmpeg(1)`


## AUTHORS

Tong Sun <suntong@cpan.org>
